# GUI Relevancy Scale

In this directory, we provide multiple annotation examples for the GUI relevancy (**R**) scale that we employed to collect relevance annotations over Mechanical Turk. As a guidance for annotation, these examples and descriptions were provided to the annotators. In particular, we used a relevancy scale of **R=0** (*low relevance*), **R=1** (*medium relevance*) and **R=2** (*high relevance*). Each of the attached images shows a NL query and one example GUI screenshot for each of our three relevance levels including a brief explanation for the chosen relevance annotation.

For example, consider the first NL query "login with remember me function". The first GUI screenshot is annotated as **R=2** since the GUI is a typical login screen with the requested remember me option for users and therefore contains all requested functionalities. However, consider the second GUI screenshot, which displays multiple login settings for the user to select. This GUI is annotated with a relevancy of **R=1**, since it represents a related GUI screen that corresponds to the query to some extent, although not encompassing the requested functionality directly,  and might still be interesting for the user to discover new related screens with useful features for the application to be prototyped. In addition, consider a GUI screen identical to the first GUI, however, missing the remember me functionality that was explicitly requested. Since such a GUI would only contain part of the requested features, such a GUI would also be annotated with a relevancy of **R=1**. Finally, consider the third GUI screen providing functionality to log and keep track of the daily drinking activitites. This GUI is annotated with a relevancy of **R=0** since it neither contains the requested features, important parts of the requested features or is related to the query to some extent.